Big brother Qin Yue
What are you doing here so late?
Brother, I can't sleep because of something in my heart.
What's the matter? I thought about what Chu Shuhan said
I always feel something is wrong
Brother, do you really believe him?
Why do you say so?
You know, if he knew my dad well
Then why not just state your identity in the first place?
Instead, choose to deliberately remain incognito to approach us?
And my father's investigation of the above-mentioned grandchildren is completely his family's words
There was no evidence.
We can't just believe what he says
Don't worry, I know.
Besides, our Qin family has nothing to draw
Why can't people picture my body?
You big brother
Totally lustful
Beauty Plan
Humph
Qin Yue, this girl, thinks about something all day long
strange
What!
Am I too tired these two days?
Forget it, go to bed first
father
You can't run away this time